[
Music] I'm going to start with Chocas eh that explains his bad vibes with Fran I mean I don't know I don't know I don't know what this conversation is about because the truth is that he was in Thailand recently the truth is that he was in
Thailand very recently Shokas So I don't know
why I don't know why they're talking about a
possible bad vibes If in fact they've
never had it no Frank met
Chocas in person before me they
met before me because I think I think
Chocas recorded with them something for
the series that he made on his channel Fran
with Cristina Well I don't know Well I don't know let's see it let's
see it
[Music]
handsome Sure you take a trip that there were
a few of you How did you get along
off camera what's going on behind the
camera how very good very good he has a
[ __ ] great group he's very lucky to
have a group of people who support him
who know what he needs plex because
when you're in that elite you know
because at the end of the day we're all more
or less similar saving the
distances it doesn't matter  I mean, not everything is going
very well and we are successful. And sometimes you
need someone to keep your feet
on the ground. You need friends who are
normal people, not just people who like to move around.
No, no, no, normal people. All my
friends are normal people, people who
work, and well, if you can consider and you go
as normal,
of course, I distance, I try, and Marius doesn't. I mean, I don't
know if, I don't know if Marius still has a
relationship with Jordi. Man, let's
see if one day when he's around in the chat
being the jerk he can clarify it for us because
I have that doubt. I haven't asked him again
or anything, but I don't know if they
still have a relationship because it's
like Jordi doesn't mention it, but it is what it
is. Not exactly, but you need
normal people who work
that Jose wouldn't count on. This would be,
but that helps you. Well, Josebas works
on the podcast, you don't know that, like,
Jose does have the friendship from so
many years ago, no, but he has it,
even working there, Joseba, so that your
life is better and your project is
better. I think they contribute a lot
because they are the ones who work with him, I
knew about Rubius  in that I knew
several of them and very normal people and they
have Paconi managing who is a
guy who controls a smart guy like
Paconi everyone speaks very well
of Paconi always reads the news that is
necessary too because they are
kids and it is normal that they do not
read the [ __ ] news but they have
Paconi who is a bit like I of
Gorio who finds out what is happening that they
look for things and that helps them
everyone speaks very well of
Paconi G who is important a guy who
investigates because if not things
go wrong and then It's okay it's not I
think he has a [ __ ] great Core what the [ __ ] is
wrong with German upload a video
German I don't know if you see it with me in front
look now here you can see it in the little hole
about what happened ellipsis
Two hours ago what happened Herman has been
involved in something or is it a clip B mother
so that things go well for them he has a good
combo Hey and with Fran who made
that video let's see that let's see there was a bad
vibe really there was no bad vibes  I'm
surprised because I just found out
that a lot of people said there was
bad vibes Fran is a son of a [ __ ] and he's
a great guy and that there was
bad vibes but the
shocka with Fran doesn't sound familiar to me, a bad vibe, I mean, that does
n't sound familiar to me, I mean, I know how they
ended up I watched that video of the
wild road but a bad vibe before that I
mean, it doesn't sound familiar to me at all we have
commented on some well let's see
when the topic of the multi-accounts Fran
was commenting on the chocas which in
fact he did it here he did it here it was one
of the first times that Fran started
coming around here I mean I I I started
talking to Fran again eh we did a
live stream and we were both
very cut off no after having
done the passes we did a we had a
chat and then Fran the second live stream
So we did the two together it was
because eh with the mess with the multi-accounts of
the shoka he appeared here on the
chat and he says Well, I was going to record
a video about the subject but since I've already
talked here Well, you upload this no and that's where it
started  la la la Fran's relationship and the
gossip let's say no Or Fran with us
well Fran had already gotten involved in other
gossip things he hadn't commented on
gossip things but there it was like more gossip no He
always treats people badly but he
treats them as a joke and there are many people who do
n't understand it I mean Frank and I
get along really well he's a [ __ ] cracker
and I think highly of him and and and we
get along really well we've spoken
privately several times In fact I've
participated I mean do you think that if I had
gotten along badly with Fran I would have been
the pilot episode of the series that was going to
do on television it was me I mean I
played God the one who told him what to
do Do you think that Fran
would have called me If we get along we get along
badly but that video didn't come out no I mean they
uploaded it as a photo but in the end Like the
series Look Ja Oliveira thanks friend Thanks
Javi thanks thank you very much
really a crack I hope it went
[ __ ] right now I look like the lawyer from
Dallas talking to Javi Oliveira's lawyer
eh  I hope that your live show went well,
machine, thanks, thanks to
all your people who are coming in. Well, we do
n't talk about the same things here, we don't
talk about the same things here, we talk about
gossip and such. I know that you
have a lot of content there, I can't
offer you the same quality that
Javi Oliveira offers, but I'm more handsome than him,
which is also good, right? I mean,
people are followed not for their
content as such, but for the sex you would give them So you're welcome, you can give it a like, you can subscribe, eh, you can leave your money. Even if you feel like it, I have no problem with it. So, have a great evening here at the salsera, we have a
ton of topics, what a great
cod route today, eh, main telesalseo, and we're
finishing at the Golf hour, here in the
after, not in the salsera, the
main channel was great live. Yes sir,
eh, I said it at the closing. Congratulations,
especially to Marina Ennal, who
got the, the guests
MM, and to my colleague Trium, who is always
a  nice to have it I hope you
liked it a piano and and no No not at all
Frank and I get along it's r that he has
a bit but but he's a bastard and goes around
stirring up trouble for everyone and there are
people who because they're idiots believe it
but Frank is a really great guy
and he likes to play a little bit on the
line of such But because he is like that it's
fun and I understand him as such I
mean Fran is a really great guy a really
great guy and a guy who also loves
animals I mean he really loves animals
outside of all of Fran's nonsense about
the jungle of I don't know what Oh but it
's that he caught the pythons and I don't know what
Fran loves animals he has a [ __ ]
giant place of a lot of hectares
that is the sanctuary full of animals I
take care of them a lot I love them a lot
let's stop with the nonsense he's a guy who loves
animals Of course he had to
fight it now for a long time
with his ex-partner and with all the
problems that the poor man had and
but nothing he's a rough guy and he's a guy
such but it's funny damn we all know
a little about his way of being and it's
funny damn No Forte a little bit of the
roll roll that's how he is he's the captain he's
the alpha Exactly it's fun to put himself there
imposing and it's like that really it's like that he's a
[ __ ] Alpha he's a [ __ ] Alpha and it's
hilarious I have a really good time with
that sometimes he doesn't give a damn a
strange mix of of of of Alpha but at the same time he doesn't give a damn he's
an animal he would live
alone really totally totally in fact in
fact he spent time living
alone too I mean he's a guy who is
capable of adapting he has a
very high adaptability capacity and he's like
an animal it's like he's like an animal he
has the ability to be
temporarily nomadic and to be able to
adapt to the situations that
life brings him he has that ability without a
doubt and he's doing well like that I mean a
Fran maln is not very active now and he's not very
active he's not uploading videos and
everything but not much live not much live
Well I think
Paloma does live I think
Paloma has been doing live the two or three times that
I showed up here in  straight when
I go to bed or whatever or
when I wake up I see Paloma eh I
say this new streamer here what is it
due to well little by little Eh This is a
stage that goes through every year and and
and that's it as long as I keep being a pain in the
ass I hold on I hold on for a few days and and
stop [ __ ] man now he's
on cancer treatment that
taught him and such that he's been with this for many years he
's a [ __ ] survivor he's a
phenomenon let's be all the best he's a
crack one day I have to stop by
the [ __ ] sanctuary true that trips but I
would love to go it's the [ __ ] It's a
great experience and I like
animals but get ready Jordi is
invited just as
many have been invited who haven't gone
yet because such But well I imagine
that they will pass of course I can let
Jordi have my cabin I can let Jord have my
cabin of course Tinker Bell how are you
sweetheart How did you have a time How did
you have a time on the main channel
to sweat because in Bangkok there has No I'm
in Thailand and it's to put one foot and
esum suffocation  hot moment jord Jordi did
have it with Fran because Jordi was in
Thailand Jordi did have it with Fran
because he was in Thailand Jordi said
a few things and and
Fran got mad and made a video you're an idiot
that I remember I made a video that I
think I criticized Fran back
then in that video because it was
like Jordi put his foot in it I don't know if he
thought that was Disneyland
but but but [ __ ] It's just that putting
a title you're an idiot [ __ ] I don't know if I do
n't know if it's the most assertive thing to eh to
do a live show I don't know if it's because of the
time of year For I don't know what it was but
madness But yes the sanctuary is very
beautiful it's full of
fantastic animals and you're going to love it it's
something that you have to experience of
course it's experiencing real animals for
many that are humanized because of course
obviously those that are there no no you
come closer to the bestest truz we'll see already
put a son of a [ __ ] He's a son of a [ __ ] laene
a rascal that if he trips you
but he blows you up eh No no Really all the
pe no no the abud will kill you if you
want to attack the abud it won't be that
bad no no it's noticeable that you weren't in
front
of him it's that in the zoos eh because I'm in the shelter I take my son to the Shelter every weekend and there are ostriches to the Shelter here in Seville okay that they take animals that they also rescue and that kind of things okay and in the shelter of
playing the game badly that By the way I just
published a a tweet because it's that
this video I say Look it's that this video
eh This video I had to
share it with you guys man I mean this is that
this video It's that this is my son who is that he's his
only uncle I mean and I say
look I censor it and and I share it okay
thank you very much even to m meent G take it
again Wait for me to give it to you
[Music]
put it
nice that dad a
the real owner of the Channel
eh man how happy you are with an
animal
eh
nice work how happy how happy  he
puts on look
look be it's that he loves animals eh ses
is that he loves animals look now he
gives him a kiss on the face look and Lu F from
Chica me who was always a bugger and who
also
V One day to eat and he told me Look that he
loves them here take him gives him a kiss you know that
he loves animals So every
weekend well well we go see
animals let's go to the Forest or we go to the
shelter no there we have the
Juan Luis mar partida card
surely you know him he's quite
famous quite famous he made films and
stuff with animals he made films
ads and that kind of thing but it
's brutal it's brutal well eh Well nothing
we send Fran a kiss to see if he
shows up here Well recently he was around
here it happens yes it's true that I've been let's go
I talk to him almost every
day but we have to do a
live stream we have to do a live stream
to move the map of the sanctuary
yes that's true eh we're going to
[ __ ] on the shas because the shas and these
people have barely moved the the sanctuary
the map of the fortnite sanctuary man I
mean  Just think, that extract from the W
project would have been the best thing to
have shared there, but
of course they didn't take it into account
[Music]